Welcome to PlayStation Home!

Follow us @PSHomeEU on Twitter

Make sure to join us starting this Friday 3rd August to take part in our EU-wide Home Fashion Week Challenge. Show off your style and creativity to be a lucky winner of prizes and praise. For more information check the PlayStation Home section in Community Forums http://community.eu.playstation.com 

In other exciting news … Create your own apartment in PlayStation Home using Blueprint: Home from nDreams. With the ability to create and save five different apartments and a huge amount of customisation options included, Blueprint: Home offers an unrivalled experience.

Blueprint:Home is the first of its kind and no doubt we will see fantastic community creations and it’s perfect for Machinima creators to come up with even more scenarios and with future Style Packs coming available there will be even more customisation possible.

To pick up Blueprint:Home visit the Blueprint table in Home Square, the nDreams shop or Estates in the Shopping Centre (East).

The sporting event of the year has arrived in Home Square! That’s right, it’s… the Home Sports Day! A season of games kicks off with the 100m sprint. Keep an eye on Home Square over the coming weeks as more opportunities will emerge for displaying your sporting prowess.

Mmmmm, the lovely warm smell of freshly baked bread, a pot of coffee keeping warm on the hot plate, the scent of foxgloves and honeysuckle drifting through the open window from the garden. All that’s missing is the quaint little oven and English country cottage furniture. Cucumber comes through once again with the Country Kitchen Set! Head to the Lockwood store to find everything you need to create your idyllic kitchen scene with units and ornaments all in Cucumber’s signature classic-meets-modern style.

Other updates this week include the much anticipated return of the Streetfighter X Tekken minigame, a new set of tattoos from Heavy Water and a new range of clothing in the Wrangler store.

-The PlayStation Home Community Team-

Please Note: We will never ask you for your email address or other details in Home. If someone says they are Sony staff and asks for your details please report them to us. Simply press SELECT and then "Submit a report" and complete the form and our moderators will do the rest.
If a user is not violating the Community Code of Conduct as set forth in the Sony Entertainment Network Terms of Service and User Agreement, please do not register a complaint. If you make a false report, this may result in a termination or suspension of your Sony Entertainment Network account.