<PlayStation®Network Maintenance>
Due to this maintenance, PlayStation®Home Log-in difficulty and the network error may occur, and purchasing the items at PlayStation®Home Shopping Mall or PlayStation®Store cannot be completed during this period.

【PSN Maintenance Period】
2013/9/13 0:00 ～ 2:00 (TBD)

We apologize for such an inconvenience and thank you very much for your understanding.

*This maintenance start and end schedule may be shifted without the new announcement.
---------------------------------------------------------
Hope you are enjoying PlayStation®Home a lot!
We have more information for you to check at "News"section.
・<Notice of VEEMEE - Acorn Meadows Park>
・<Notice: Lockwood Horses of the Prairie>
*Please access "News" section from Menu Screen for details! (Go to "Social" from Menu Screen→"News")
---------------------------------------------------------
*What's New*
<nDreams Ltd. - Aurora 1.8>
The mysterious floating archipelago Aurora is ready for it’s next transformation and with it are two brand new rewards to be one. The level cap will be raised from 120 to 130 with two brand new rewards to be collected! As well as that there is a revamped community area with the OrbRunner scoreboards there for all to see!
You will also notice a new island that houses the Gateway, the best way to keep up to date with amazing new nDreams products. 

<Lockwood Publishing Ltd - Bodycon Dresses>
Last season’s range of bodycon dresses were so popular, Lockwood have bought out a whole new selection, this time with even more styles to choose from. The Gaia partners an asymmetric neckline with a single sleeve for a unique modern look. The Selene incorporates accent colours to make the most of the open neckline. The Hera is a classic slash neck, long-sleeved, off the shoulder number, while The Aphrodite is a daringly strappy halter neck. Finally, The Athena has a distinctive outline created by a horizontal strap detail. Whatever your style, you’re sure to find something to help embrace your inner goddess, so you’d better arrange some fashion swaps with your gifting friends.

<Granzella Inc. - Okubi hunting>
In the city of Edo at night, terrifying floating head monsters have appeared. Your mission is to defeat two of these "Okubi" with their eerie smiles. When you have completed your mission, let's escape from the Pillar of Lights. If we can escape safely, you'll receive a reward.

<VEEMEE - Footwear>
VEEMEE brings you the release of our first selection of footwear. There are a range of boots and shoes available for both men and women, whether it’s for the great outdoors or for hitting the town in style. So keep on your toes or else you’ll be kicking yourself for missing out on these new additions to the VEEMEE store.

<Codeglue B.V. - Magic Sparkles>
Add a touch of magic with this new collection of dresses by Codeglue and Home user Dani! These sparkling dresses come in a short and a long version and will be available in 6 colors. You can complement the outfits with elegant high heel shoes and/or stylish bracelets. This collection comes as separate items as well as a selection of great-value bundles. Designed for Home's women by a Home woman!

<New items available from 11th September 2013>
・Granzella Inc.
・nDreams Ltd.
・Lockwood Publishing Ltd
・Atom Republic
Please visit Shopping Mall or browse Navigator to check out the items and find your favorite ones!
