Welcome to PlayStation Home. Check here each week for new content, and new things to do! The new user tutorial should have given you a head start on enjoying Home, but you can always check out us.playstation.com/home-forums to find tips, tricks and other Home citizens.  In the meantime press the Start button, Open the Navigator, and head to any place that looks cool to you.  If you’re not sure, check out one of these new things to do.

Things to do in PlayStation Home this week:

1) Are you as excited for the launch of PlayStation®4 as we are?!  Be sure to hop into Theater 2 to check out the action, streaming live from the New York City launch event!  It all goes down Thursday, November 14th at 8:00 PM Pacific/ 11:00 PM Eastern!

2) It’s time to celebrate Thanksgiving with your friends and family in VEEMEE's Thanksgiving Acorn Meadows Park. VEEMEE have got a handful of brand new attractions for park visitors to try out! Brace for impact and join your friends on the Bumper Cars. Like the Bikes, there are 6 to choose from and you can get each of them as a locomotion item as well. The pedal boats have had a makeover and now look like Thanksgiving Turkeys. Share a slice of Pumpkin Pie or a Turkey Drumstick with friends at the Thanksgiving food stalls and Re-enact the historic voyage of the Mayflower with the new Remote Controlled Mayflower. But what would Thanksgiving be without the dinner? Join your friends and family at the Big Thanksgiving Dinner Table and enjoy a 3 course meal. The table is situated just north of the lake.

There are also a number of Thanksgiving themed items for sale at the Pumpkin Patch. Turn into a Turkey with a very special Thanksgiving Animal Avatar. Try on the Pilgrim Costumes for men and women. Have some fun with the comical Riding Turkey locomotion. The Refined Thanksgiving Dining Table will let you host a Thanksgiving dinner of your own. VEEMEE would also like to introduce Acorn Meadows Park Day Passes. These passes can be purchased with Acorns and grant the owner 24 hours access to an activity. You can also get a Multi Pass which gives you access to most of the activities in the Park. Finally, if you use the Relocator in The Hub and get a special reward.

3) It is a truth, universally acknowledged, that a Home user in possession of a PSN card, must be in want of a cottage. Fear not, gentle Home users, for Lockwood has a charming estate ideally suited to your rural sensibilities. The Lockwood Abbey Hill cottage unites the blessings of existence within its humble stone walls. Standing in beautiful gardens, numerous rewards are available, allowing you to furnish your new residence in the manner of a perfect country idyll. 

4) Madmunki release the 6th Set of Spunland Commerce items. Do the Spun with the Spunims Dance pack (or the Sonic, or the S-P-U-N poses!). Express your mood with the fully animated Rabbit Head portable, ride around in high Spun style on the Spunland Jayraf LMO. Deck out your apartment with a new set of Spunland Character Cubes, or puzzle yourself spun with Spunland Picture 4, the new slidy-picture puzzle wall hanging. You can even about Hop around Home wearing rabbit ears and tail with the Spunland Rabbit Hop LMO – add a pair of fetching Spuntacles for extra Spun style!

5) Why wear clothes made of boring old material, when you can be your own work of art and wear paint?  These hand-painted masterpieces let you show off in style and be a little different from the crowd!  Bedazzle all those around you… Show your artistic flair, be Painted Bare!  Check out the collection in the JAM Games store!

6) Conquer & Command with new items from nDreams. Be the best operative you can be with this range of military outfits and rifle LMO items. All items are available in three different camouflage options so wherever your area of operation you will be well prepared. Each LMO is available in different stances and all have built in emotes as well for extra value.

7) Two very different Lockwood collections see an update this week, with Figment looking to the past to expand its clothing and furniture ranges, and Whimsy Hollow launching new colours of Whimsies and tails inspired by the seasons. 

8) Show off your social standing with Atom Republic's VIP companions: a butler or a bodyguard at your side is the ultimate status symbol! Your loyal companions will always be at your side, to make you look like a real VIP. 

9) Once again, x7 adds new content this week. VEEMEE brings Dinodaur Animal Avatars and a Billabong Update. JAM Games adds more to the Painted Bare line. nDreams releases their Luxury Bed with room for 6 as well as Dance and Martial Arts Gestures.

Tempest_Fire  (PlayStation Community Manager)
