Welcome to PlayStation®Home!

Follow us @PSHomeEU on Twitter

Here are some of the highlights worth checking out this week:

1. Horses on the Prairie - Mount up and get riding in Lockwood’s newest space. Ride mustangs and ponies, or you can give a friend something a little more magical through the Lockwood Gift Machine

2. Emo Ray: Volume 2 - Volume Two of the Emo Ray Saga is now live! Take action against the Evil Teddy Bear forces to get better weapons, more rewards, and find out what’s really going on with those darn bears!

3. Granzella Clothing and Locomotions – Get kitted out as a gen-u-ine Cowboy or Cowgirl, ride your very own Steam Locomotive, or strap on some Rocket Skates and feel like a speed skater!

4. Venice Beach Clothing - With new muscular torsos for the guys and some gorgeous swimsuits for the ladies you will be the envy of everyone else on the beach.

5. ndreams Locomotions – Including the futuristic Bladestream Corp V1000, flying broomsticks and Sports Superstars range.

6. Juggernaut Games- Practice your stances with 3 unique martial arts emotes - inspired poses for both male and female avatars. Also drop by Cutteridge Estate today, and see if you can find a new feathered friend!

7. Home Tycoon - Tear up the streets with some new custom cars in the Tribal GS 828 and Blue Stripes GS 828 sports cars, available now in the Vehicles store in Home Tycoon.

8. Casino - We have added a new Overall Tier Reward. When you level up to Tier 5 in all of the games, you will receive our new Gangster Outfit. People will know not to mess with you when you are sporting this hand-tailored pinstripe suit and hat. Not to mention, you'll also be holding an authentic Tommy gun. 
 
9. The Aquarium - A brand new fish pack is available for you to add to your aquarium. The Quartet pack contains 4 fish: the Blue Discus, the Kuhli Loach, the Siamese Fighting Fish, and the Squareback Anthias.

Why not join the conversation on the forums at http://community.eu.playstation.com ?

-The PlayStation Home Community Team-

Please Note: We will never ask you for your email address or other details in Home. If someone says they are Sony staff and asks for your details please report them to us. Simply press SELECT and then "Submit a report" and complete the form and our moderators will do the rest.
If a user is not violating the Community Code of Conduct as set forth in the Sony Entertainment Network Terms of Service and User Agreement, please do not register a complaint. If you make a false report, this may result in a termination or suspension of your Sony Entertainment Network account.