Welcome to PlayStation®Home Open Beta
 
Things to do in PlayStation Home this week:

*** Pre-Register in the Virtual E3 PlayStation Booth until the evening of Monday, June 10th for to earn an exclusive BEYOND: Two Souls PS3 theme and other Home rewards. 

1. With the Mystic Arcade personal space bundle from Code Mystics, return to a day when old school arcade games ruled the land. Mystic Arcade is a cosy throwback, a movie theatre lobby with plenty of space to organize your own personal arcade games. Mystic Arcade’s bundled-in accessories include a theatre poster and garbage can, as well as an exclusive, animated glow-in-the-dark Mystic Arcade T-shirt (in both male and female variations). You can also add your own custom images to your movie poster frames, with plenty of wall hanging space to show off your theatrical taste. Visit the Mystic Arcade Theatre Lobby often; the movie marquee sports a new title every week, each an ’80s-themed movie homage. Mystic Arcade makes a perfect venue for your classic arcade cabinets such as Centipede, Frogger, Asteroids, Time Pilot, etc. (sold separately).

2. New from LOOT Entertainment: imagine an estate with free Entertainment On Demand, swimming and a stunning view of the Los Angeles skyline! Welcome to the Hollywood Hills House, now available in nighttime as well as daytime variations as both an estate and a clubhouse! Throw a giant pool party, meet with your club, or simply entertain a few select friends – if you want to live like a PlayStation Home celebrity, then this is the place to own.

3. If you have been in PlayStation Home recently you will have definitely seen nDreams’ amazing range of Dance Animations. Filmed at the world famous Pinewood Studios these fully motion captured dances and gestures have taken Home by storm. Now get ready for a brand new pack of Dances in the nDreams Animation Packs – Volume 3. Dance Packs include (3 dances in each pack): Attitude Dance Pack, Sexy Dance Pack, UK Dance Pack, Kung Fu Dance Pack, and the Capoeira Dance Pack.

4. Game Mechanics has created a new casino style game for your apartment or club. It is called "A Day At The Races." Five jockey mounted ponies go around an oval track and you bet on which two are going to finish first and second (order does not matter). You get 300 coins when you purchase the machine and get an additional 20 coins every day you check in with the game. Your friends can come by and play it even if they don’t own it. The first time they play they get 20 coins and 5 per day after. Owners get a better deal because ownership has its privileges. There are 10 Rewards you and your friends can earn by completing achievements. You can bet up to 20 coins per race on any combination of horses and the odds go from 2 for 1 to 200 for 1. Another cool feature is that if you own the table and play at it, you can go to a friend’s apartment, play on theirs and all your stats and coins come with you. You can even start a streak on your machine and complete it on their machine, or even on a machine in a club. Coins are available in the store for those who run out. Up to 12 players can play on a machine at once and it uses 14 furniture slots.

5. There are only a few days left to register for the Paradise Springs Poker Tournament this weekend! To register all you have to do is head to the Poker Room in The Casino and purchase a bracelet at the registration desk. Once you’ve got your bracelet be sure to come back on June 8th when the tournament starts. You can read up on how the tournament works, and when it starts in your region, by checking out the tournament rules right next to registration desk. You don’t want to miss your chance to rake in up to 250,000 in casino chips and to claim all the glory!

6. Summer is coming to Granzella’s Japanese Tea House personal space. The summer sun shines on the small tea house in the mountains. Wind blows through the bamboo grove and the sky is a clear blue. Spend some quiet time in elegance. Cool Japanese sweets and a colorful flower arrangement, hospitality that only summer can bring.

7. To celebrate the imminent birth of Prince William and Princess Catherine’s first baby, and the future heir to the throne of Great Britain, we bring you a right royal collection – Royal Blues or Pinks? Check out the collection from JAM Games.

8. Expand your collection of colors, stamps, stickers and words with new Lock-a-doodle packs! Dream Universe and Delirious Squid Doodle Packs are available from the store, and the Safari Pack is available from the Gift Machine.

9. Combine style and elegance with these iconic Classic Scooters locomotion items from VEEMEE. Go for the complete look with a parka jacket and a matching helmet for each scooter. You can also get each item individually or all the scooters, helmets and jackets in one great discount bundle.

10. x7 Update—this week in exclusive VIP nightclub x7, there is a new exclusive value bundle, a new freebie for the men, and several new Animations from Konami. All are available early-access this week to x7 members only. Head to x7, take the elevator upstairs, check out these fine items, then dance the night away!


GlassWalls (PlayStation® Community Manager)
